[docs] Explain localizing iOS permission messages (#48403)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/v57.0.0/sdk/calendar.mdx

  ]}
/>

> To localize an iOS calendar or reminders permission message, keep the matching config-plugin property as the default value and add its `NS*UsageDescription` key to the `ios` object in each [locale file](/guides/localization/#translating-app-metadata). Expo writes the localized values to `InfoPlist.strings` during prebuild.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **correctness** `prose.md#core-principles`

`NS*UsageDescription` is not a key the reader can copy, and one key is not enough here. `calendarPermission` sets both `NSCalendarsUsageDescription` and `NSCalendarsFullAccessUsageDescription`, and `remindersPermission` sets both `NSRemindersUsageDescription` and `NSRemindersFullAccessUsageDescription`. Name the keys and say that each one needs its own localized value.

```suggestion
To localize an iOS calendar or reminders permission message, add the matching usage description keys to the `ios` object in each [locale file](/guides/localization/#translating-app-metadata). The `calendarPermission` property sets both `NSCalendarsUsageDescription` and `NSCalendarsFullAccessUsageDescription`, and `remindersPermission` sets both `NSRemindersUsageDescription` and `NSRemindersFullAccessUsageDescription`. Expo writes the localized values to **InfoPlist.strings** during prebuild.
```

<!-- docs-review -->
